Zepto API doc guides (#159)
splitpayments/api-documentation: source/changelogs/2020-12-15.md

---
title: "2020-12-15"
excerpt:
category: 65ada3d7699b7900765d2ed5
hidden: false
type: added
---

* Add changelog

> * Re-word Payment Requests introduction to better cover its use with Receivable Contacts.

Reviewer: "Reword" doesn't need to be hyphenated. 

```suggestion
* Reword Payment Requests introduction to better cover its use with Receivable Contacts.
```
